src/en/space-station-14/departments/service/proposals/apiculture.md, before:

# Apiculture in Hydroponics

| Designers | Implemented | GitHub Links |
|---|---|---|
| PigeonPeas | :x: No | TBD |

## Overview

Apiculture, also known as Beekeeping, would add Apiaries into hydroponics, allowing botanists to take care of bees along with their usual job. This adds more variety to a botanist's job, allowing them to use their plants in a new way, generating resources like honey for the entire station. They would also be able to mutate bees, allowing them to generate more chemicals for the station, allowing for an alternate source of chemicals in the case that chemistry can no longer produce them.

## Background

In /TG/station, Apiculture is available to help flesh out hydroponics, giving botanists more to do than just grow plants. Botany is already vital for other service jobs, such as bartender, or chef, but this would make them even more so, as some recipes for food/drink would require honey to make. Honey would also be used in the creation of a few medicines, making botany interact with chemistry a bit more. Bees would also give botanists a bit of offensive capabilities, being able to mutate their bees to inject deadly chemicals. Mutating bees is a tricky task, however, as the queen dying would mean the production of bees, and the spread of mutation would come to a complete stop.

## The rest?

Is entirely up to you.

Commit message:

section 3
adds the "starting a hive" section

src/en/space-station-14/departments/service/proposals/apiculture.md, after:

# Apiculture in Hydroponics

| Designers | Implemented | GitHub Links |
|---|---|---|
| PigeonPeas | :x: No | TBD |

## Overview

Apiculture, also known as Beekeeping, would add Apiaries into hydroponics, allowing botanists to take care of bees along with their usual job. This adds more variety to a botanist's job, allowing them to use their plants in a new way, generating resources like honey for the entire station. They would also be able to mutate bees, allowing them to generate more chemicals for the station, allowing for an alternate source of chemicals in the case that chemistry can no longer produce them.

## Background

In /TG/station, Apiculture is available to help flesh out hydroponics, giving botanists more to do than just grow plants. Botany is already vital for other service jobs, such as bartender, or chef, but this would make them even more so, as some recipes for food/drink would require honey to make. Honey would also be used in the creation of a few medicines, making botany interact with chemistry a bit more. Bees would also give botanists a bit of offensive capabilities, being able to mutate their bees to inject deadly chemicals. Mutating bees is a tricky task, however, as the queen dying would mean the production of bees, and the spread of mutation would come to a complete stop.

## Starting a hive

To begin caring for your hive, you must get a queen. Queen bees can be aquired in Beekeeping crates able to be bought by cargo, round start in hydroponics, and created by queens in already developed hives. Once you have aquired your queen, you need to introduce it to a hive. Simply click the hive with the queen in hand, and it will claim the hive as it's own. Very quickly, the queen will begin populating the hive with bees. These bees will occasionally leave the hive, and look for nectar. They will get Nectar by going near any living plants, starting a short doafter, and then returning to the hive once it is complete. Harvesting nectar will damage the plant very slightly, and put the plant on a nectar cooldown. Once nectar is in the hive, some of it will be used to make more bees, and some of it will be used to make honey. 

After your first hive is fully developed, you can start a second. To start a second hive, you need to create royal jelly, a mix of unstable mutagen and honey that encourages a hive to make another queen. Once you have your royal jelly, you need to pour it into the hive. After you add the jelly to the hive, in a few minutes a new queen will appear. You can use this new queen to start a new hive.
